Must be good for a slim figure
his are not too fat and are not
calories I have now had here
in my hand I just try this
I'll take one now
almond
we know that makes me fat
the one only now automatically fat
on the body or do me the almond
maybe even good
You will find out in the following clip nuts
really contain a lot of fat and are
with an average of 650 calories too
still very energetic are nuts
A good thing nuts will be without
insulin reactions in the body
metabolized that is, if you have the
the blood sugar level is not rising
and with that your body switches too
do not automatically save to bold
the amino acids in the nuts which yours
Body as a valuable building material and are
especially when you are doing sports or athletics
are very essential
continue to contain many good
healthy omega 3 fatty acids the very
are important for your health
my tip for you the dose does that
Gift in the right amount are must
a great thing and just as healthy
Snack in between I would like it
highly recommend you if you of course the
whole pack is or the nut in one
Toffifee packed to you then take
she will surely make you
a handful of walnuts or almonds or
Also a sugar free must have with
A piece of fruit is ten times better than
any candy or most
cereal bars and come for example too
in my project sixpack as a post
workouts mac for use
In the sixpack project you will also learn
Also like you in the right combination
with strong and natural
reduced body fat and
lean muscle mass builds so says
So nut and stay fit and good your team